Update MDM-macOS-setup.md (#13513)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Using Fleet/MDM-macOS-setup.md

2. Under **End user authentication**, enter your IdP credentials and select **Save**.

> Note: If you have already configured your SSO settings for [Fleet admin authentication](https://fleetdm.com/docs/configuration/fleet-server-configuration#okta-idp-configuration), you will need to edit the settings in your identity provider to reference an additional Single Sign on URL. To do this for an Okta configuration, in the app "Advanced Settings"> "Other Requestable SSO URLs", set the URL to "https://fleetserver.com/api/v1/fleet/mdm/sso/callback".

Reviewer: I thought the underlying problem was that we are missing the steps for configuration on the IdP side?

I think we have this documented [here](https://fleetdm.com/docs/configuration/fleet-server-configuration#identity-provider-idp-configuration). Maybe we point to this section of the docs and call out that you need to set the "Assertion Consumer Service" to `https://fleetserver.com/api/v1/fleet/mdm/sso/callback` instead?

Author: @noahtalerman the documentation you've reference is for the SSO setup specifically for admin logins. It would be odd to go to that documentation, as it doesn't have an impact on the EU SSO setup. This is a stop gap until SSO settings can be referenced in a single location, as requested in https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/issues/13524

Reviewer: > It would be odd to go to that documentation, as it doesn't have an impact on the EU SSO setup. 

@dherder what about users that don't have SSO setup for Fleet users (admins, maintainers, observers)? I think we want to guide them on how to set config on the IdP side.

(I guess we can add that in a follow up pass)

Author: @noahtalerman I added some additional clarification to best practices of using 2 separate SSO apps. I think we would avoid documenting the Okta UI config, as it seems to change quite often.

> Note: If you have already configured your SSO settings for [Fleet admin authentication](https://fleetdm.com/docs/configuration/fleet-server-configuration#okta-idp-configuration), you will need to edit the settings in your identity provider to reference an additional Single Sign on URL. To do this for an Okta configuration, in the app "Advanced Settings"> "Other Requestable SSO URLs", set the URL to "https://fleetserver.com/api/v1/fleet/mdm/sso/callback". Additionally, you can configure each SSO URL as a separate app, which would be recommended since using 2 separate apps allows you to scope admin access for user login separately from end user authentication. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you have already configured [single sign-on (SSO) for logging in to Fleet](https://fleetdm.com/docs/configuration/fleet-server-configuration#okta-idp-configuration), you'll need to create a separate app in your IdP so your end users can't log in to Fleet. In this separate app, use "https://fleetserver.com/api/v1/fleet/mdm/sso/callback" for the SSO URL.
```

Suggest cutting this to our one, recommended solution. Which I think is creating a separate app. That way, the user has a clearer set of instructions. Also, we just have to maintain this workflow in terms of docs and internal knowledge.

Also, I suggest using something other than "Fleet admin authentication." I don't think we use this anywhere else in docs and it may add some confusion (what about maintainers and observers?). Maybe "SSO for logging in to Fleet"? 

Last, I suggest some formatting tweaks to be consistent with the docs:
- Use ">" for notes. The markdown formatter translates this to the purple boxes in the docs

cc @roperzh

Reviewer: Sweet. I committed my suggestions.

  mdm:
    end_user_authentication:
      identity_provider_name: "Okta"

>       entity_id: "https://fleetserver.com"

Author: @noahtalerman I think so long as it is unique, it doesn't matter whether it is an int or string. I changed it to be the fleetserver so that it was more descriptive.
